Add back `REVOKE ROLE role FROM user` in syntax table and other syntax updates (#748)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/security/user-management-syntax.asciidoc

| [source, cypher]
----

> SHOW USER[S] [name[, ...]] PRIVILEGE[S] [AS [REVOKE] COMMAND[S]]

Reviewer: In the syntax above uses `user` and here is `name`.

  [[SET PASSWORD] CHANGE [NOT] REQUIRED]
  [SET STATUS {ACTIVE \| SUSPENDED}]
----

> | Recreate a user, or create a new user if no such user exists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Create a new user, replacing an existing user if one exists with the same name.
```
